(DOCSP-21503): Expand Open Realm docs for Flutter SDK (#1769)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/flutter/open-and-close-a-realm.txt

You can now use that {+realm+} instance to work with objects in the database.

.. _flutter-open-read-only-realm:

Open a Read-Only Realm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can open an existing Realm in read-only mode. To open a read-only realm, 

Reviewer: Name of database (file) = lowercase R
```suggestion
You can open an existing realm in read-only mode. To open a read-only realm, 
```

add ``readOnly: true`` to your ``Configuration`` object.

You can only open *existing* realms in read-only mode. 
If you try to write to a read-only realm, it throws an error. 

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/flutter/open_realm_test.codeblock.read-only-realm.dart
   :language: dart

.. _flutter-open-in-memory-realm:

Open an In-Memory Realm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a realm that runs entirely in memory without being written to a file,
add ``inMemory: true`` to your ``Configuration`` object. 
In-memory realms **cannot** also be read-only.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/flutter/open_realm_test.codeblock.in-memory-realm.dart
   :language: dart

.. _flutter-set-custom-fifo:

Set Custom FIFO Special Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Set a value for realm's `FIFO special files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a value for Realm's `FIFO special files 
```

<https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zos/2.3.0?topic=csf-fifo-special-files>`_ location. 
Opening a realm creates a number of lightweight FIFO special files 
that coordinate access to the realm across threads and processes. 
If the realm file is in a location that doesn't allow for the creation of 

> FIFO special files (e.g. FAT32 filesystems), then the realm cannot be opened.

Reviewer: Avoid latin abbrvs
```suggestion
FIFO special files (such as FAT32 filesystems), then the realm cannot be opened.
```

> In this case, realm needs a different location to store these files. 

Reviewer: Name of product = capital R
```suggestion
In this case, Realm needs a different location to store these files. 
```

Add ``fifoFilesFallbackPath: <Your Custom FIFO File Path>`` to your ``Configuration`` object.

> This property is ignored if the directory for the realm database file allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is ignored if the directory for the realm file allows
```
